Add Command Line Helm Instructions for Kubernetes Agent Configuration (#11358)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_mysql/aurora.md

Follow the instructions to [enable the cluster checks][2] if not already enabled in your Kubernetes cluster. You can declare the MySQL configuration either with static files mounted in the Cluster Agent container or using service annotations:

> ### Command line with helm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command line with Helm
```

> Get up and running quickly by executing the following [Helm][3] command to install the [Datadog Cluster Agent][1] on your kubernetes cluster. Replace the values to match your account and environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Execute the following [Helm][3] command to install the [Datadog Cluster Agent][1] on your Kubernetes cluster. Replace the values to match your account and environment:

```
